thousands of people have gathered in Tel
Aviv to protest against the government
among them are family members of
kidnapped hostages as well as peace
activists they are demanding the
resignation of the entire Israeli
government and the immediate return of
all remaining hostages taken by Hamas
militants on October the 7th Hamas has
been designated a terrorist organization
by the US and the
EU our correspondent Yan Philip Schultz
is in Tel Aviv where hostage families
are on the streets again Yan phip what
what's going on right where you are
now despite the bad weather here in Tel
Aviv tonight thousands have come to the
streets uh people here say it's one of
the biggest protests since the beginning
of the war uh they demand the release of
the hostages but they also demand the
resignation of the Israeli government at
least a lot of the protesters here do uh
in recent weeks there have been a lot of
political setbacks three hostages were
accidentally killed by the Israeli Army
uh the negotiations on a new uh possible
uh hostage deal have not produced any
results there are news emerging that
maybe more um uh more hostages have been
killed so everybody here knows with
everyday passing chances are getting
smaller and smaller to free the hostages
and the international news on this story
was of course the UN Security Council
passing a resolution on Friday what are
people saying there about that if
anything since uh the resolution was
adopted there has been criticism from
all sides uh a lot of humanitarian
organizations uh here in the region say
it's basically meaningless the Israeli
government says it's unnecessary uh the
uh military attacks have continued in
full force and a lot of people that I've
spoken with here at the protest tonight
also don't see that this resolution will
bring about any changes well then just
tell me a little bit more about what's
going on in Israel and what do they want
from the
government I think many people want the
resignation of the government they also
want the return of the hostage but it
has become more and more political here
in recent days uh a lot of people uh say
that the Netanyahu government has a part
of the blame uh that this catastrophe uh
uh could happen and so many uh uh
hostages were taken by the terrorists so
this is common ground but regarding the
concrete steps uh to release the
hostages hostages I think there are
different voices here but many people
say there has to be new uh negotiations
about a hostage deal and with the
possible condition of agreeing to a new
temporary ceasefire all right well thank
you for that DW correspondent Yan Philip
Schultz force in Tel
Aviv